---
layout: default
title: Our Vision
permalink: /vision/
---

## Vision Statement

Stellar Beats is a music application that allows a user to listen to music anytime and anywhere.

## What will Stellar Beats accomplish?

Stellar Beats will provide users with a simple, efficient, and an enjoyable way to listen to their
favorite songs on any smartphone, whether at home or on the go. It will let users browse through a
wide range of music, look for the music they want to hear, and create personalized playlists. The
app will also be made to be simple and easy to use, so anyone regardless of age or technical ability
can quickly find and enjoy their music.

## Who is Stellar Beats for?

Stellar Beats will be built to be used by everyone that enjoys listening to music, the target users
for our application will be anyone that owns a smartphone device, from teenagers to older adults.
The app will be a simple, user-friendly and more modern version of some of the current music
streaming platforms and will have a simple design to support different users with different needs
and abilities. This will be appealing to younger users due to the nature of the application along
with the modern look and feel that will accompany it. While the simple and easy to use design will
be appealing to older users as well.

## Why is Stellar Beats valuable?

Stellar Beats offers a much better way to enjoy music by keeping things simple but still full of
features, with an overall modern feel. Unlike other apps that can be confusing, Stellar Beats will
help users quickly find the songs they want, by letting them search by song title, artist, or even
the genre of music. This will help users accurately and quickly find the music they are looking for
without any frustration. Stellar Beats also makes it easy for users to create personalized
playlists, by selecting their favorite songs and arranging them in their preferred order for
increased ease of use.

## How will Stellar Beats be successful?

Stellar Beats will be considered successful based on a few key factors. The first factor is if users
of all ages find it more enjoyable and easier to use than other music apps. This includes both
younger and older users, ensuring Stellar Beats appeals to all diverse age groups. In addition, the
success of Stellar Beats will also depend on how effectively it allows users to personalize their
music experience. Whether through custom playlists, or helpful search features, the ability for
users to shape their own listening experience will be a major indicator of the appâ€™s success. Most
importantly, users will be able to rate the app, and it will be considered a success if more than
50% of users rate it at least 3 stars. 